yo guys what it all before i get into
the video i tell you what it's about i
just want to get something off my chest
really quick I'm sorry that I've been
gone for three weeks and all the people
who stayed a little sleep that time
period I've been cut off from coursework
in addition for mock exams is my last
year in high school now and that's why
I've been making that many videos but
basically sit together at my gym card
until you are about I want to tell you
what the video is about and basically I
going to teamspeak for the very first
time and get some amazing reactions to
troll the shit out of the madre is some
sweaty try-hards you were just there for
the pure sweat and yeah I do this by
changing my name doing appropriate
things and sometimes though and i still
get booted off the to speak anyway for
anyway if you enjoyed the video make
sure to hit that like button below and
you haven't subject make sure to do that
salt really helps me grow but yeah hope
you enjoy the video guys and I'll see
you guys later you you even own armor
too uh yeah or do you just find a babe a
fan so what money right what's so wrong
about playing minecraft i am the sticky
fingers you told me to choose my name
you just want a bankrupt yeah of course
minecraft is so much better than
altitude are you playing number two like
do you even want to give the team's big
right now because we're not really my
gosh right I'll play on the tube if you
check my name out if you like a right is
real engineer next time i'm gonna kick
you ok ok if I at least have been passed
down I will play on my name or I'm gonna
kick you I did right if I if I play are
legit you let me have this name look at
the name look at her name look at their
name
dude look at the name you were kicked
from the server channel switch right I
don't see what the problem is we would
like your real minecraft me right okay
and this is mario right minecraft name
hey yeah because they usually a
minecraft name asian a wreck from the
server asian erections what's so bad
about up right what was so wrong about
right what would write is it got spaces
in it now dickhead i was up at sakana
space is enough l lu lu DM bunch of
books there is nothing wrong with my
name yes there is but what is so wrong
with my name you're wrong I'm wrong yes
very alright job if you want me to use
my property I mean what what is so long
what's why you're doing it I don't
understand listen you know what you mean
like why do I jerk off to it mr. bell
okay you a bumper bleep from but from
the server by Roger inappropriate name
asian erection big dick ticket yeah you
just change your name is the hard all
right all right on there we go that's
being gained name take out the eruption
part all right only huh oh uh hold on
how about how about taking out right
after some better cuddle monster for him
are you all right I live there that's
not bad you will kick from the journal
right hold on hold on it's right hold on
hold on I need to have a conversation
when you called a monster burrito right
please tell me what is wrong with the
name Asians have a small walk tell me
what is wrong with us in Jersey me
right you gonna you gonna raise your
tone at me I will I will help you i will
ban you all she's kicked you twice now
yo machine your name union right right
right that it's my in-game name asian
times more walking asians have a small
one thing the hood man him it's not your
in-game name right okay just but I know
my mom is upper got better cool monster
09 is that better you're making this
difficult why how I may make you are
difficult I'm all these black jersey
Glee Michaels you're not even a control
yeah yeah oh come on join well it's just
trying d to YouTube who is that you
wanna go away I'm tokio / st. Elzear do
out what I gonna get myself any girl
claimed don't want to go offline mhm why
i play minecraft Oh Russell most
innocent answer leave him alone he crept
into a single player nonito real calm no
no no I'm not 12 oh yeah well just
monday cuz my it's my name not
explaining it all look at my name isn't
fugly yeah it doesn't seem I mean he
doesn't see mine it doesn't say fuck it
can suck in somebody just please tell me
what he says like it no it doesn't it
doesn't say fuck it if I change it now
then you'll say faggot right look now it
says fuck it there you go no this is my
big dick yeah there you go there you go
thank you now what change me where I
view my view what's the problem or
situation or a person what what's so bad
about it now changing now who must begin
to first
which chat room Oh Mia am I in I'd like
to know why you Jimmy when I lied
there's nothing about this nothing fun
about it you have 10 seconds to change a
name with sympathy ya know but what was
so bad about it tell me just you just
tell me what's so bad about my name and
I'll change it six right it's about
right it's just bail right okay this
better for our rights change don't go
three I've changed it change it again
right so i get another extra 10 seconds
them I know do I get another extra ten
seconds just stop wasting time and
change your name ya know right okay why
why have you gotta be like why raising
your tone what was so wrong about it
okay goodbye you were banned from the
salon shit oh no way